What is a process
	In systems program:
		A program in execution
	In software engineering
		A process is software engineering itself

What is Software Engineering
	A systematic approach to the creation and ownership of software, for the purpose to develop high quality software systems,  which are **easy to maintain, developed on time, and within budget.**


Reliability
	The probability that the system will run, failure free, in a given environment in a specific period of time

Team Organization
	First thing when getting started
	**Important factors in team organization**
		Team size
		Nature of the project
		Talent of the team members
	**Based on two principle ideas**
		The division of labor
		The accomplishment of a goal in a timely manner
	Goal cannot be met without group effort, and can be done more quickly or efficiently.
	**Key to team success**
		Obtainable goals
		Have a clear understanding of goal(s)
		Have wise and workable division of labor

Brooks' Law
	Adding manpower to a late project only makes it later
		A mother can birth a baby in 9 months. Having 9 mothers can not birth a baby in just 1 month.
		As team gets larger, communication becomes harder.
		As more people are added, productivity decreases
			It takes time to get people up to speed. You need to stop working on the project and teach the new people.
	Boehm
		A system that has to be delivered too fast gets into the impossible region.
	What does this law imply about the importance of team organization?
		It's better to carefully plan and have a team formation than to try to fix it later by adding more people.

Mintzberg's Organizational Configurations
	Simple structure
		One or few managers, direct supervision
	Machine bureaucracy 
		Mass-production and assembly lines  
	Divisionalized form 
		Each division has autonomy  
	Professional bureaucracy 
		Skilled professionals with autonomy  
	Adhocracy 
		For innovative or exploratory projects
	Chief Programmer Team
		One programmer or leader per team
		Centralized decision making
		n-1 programmers that are n-1 communcation decises paths
		For decomatric
		Its like the one in puybic jkeys  

Chief Programmer Team
	One programmer or leader per team
	Centralized decision making
		n-1 programmers that are n-1 communcation decises paths
	For decomatric
	Its like the one in puybic jkeys

Guidelines for Meetings
	Meetings is central to success of project
		Formal
		Any topic
	Must have a leader
		Task responsibilities
			Get job done
			Meet goals of meeting
			Produce good solutions
		People-oriented responsibilities
	Ensure interaction in a productive, goal-oriented, and motivated way
	Specifically:
		Create agenda
		Determine and notify attendees
		Facilitative role
	Phases of Meeting
		Preparation
			Decide on purpose and function
		Meeting itself
		Follow-up
		